Add __array_func__ and np.linspace support for astropy.time.Time (#13132)
astropy/astropy: docs/time/index.rst

  >>> Time("2020-01-01") + 5 * u.day
  <Time object: scale='utc' format='iso' value=2020-01-06 00:00:00.000>

> As of Astropy version 5.1, |Time| objects can also be passed directly to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of v5.1, |Time| objects can also be passed directly to
```

`numpy.linspace` to create even-sampled time arrays, including support for
non-scalar ``start`` and/or ``stop`` points - given compatible shapes.

>   >>> np.linspace(t, t+[4, 120] * u.day, 4, endpoint=False)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  >>> np.linspace(t, t + [4, 120] * u.day, 4, endpoint=False)
```

Reviewer 2: Small point, but ideally we give an example with actual `Time` instances for both start and stop.
